welcome to my unboxing and first look at
the G 400 s from Logitech which is part
of their new G series which is all about
for science or rather science wins so
here you go when you open it up normally
you'd find a bunch of stuff about DPI's
and CPI's and GPAs and all that kind of
stuff but what you actually find inside
here is just this advanced surface
materials feel the difference a durable
hydrophobic palm surface soft touch side
grips and fingerprint resistant button
coatings so what they're going for here
is what the thing actually feels like to
touch I mean yeah you're going to find
specks on the outside of the box as well
so 400 to 4,000 dpi this is an optical
mouse so you don't get those crazy like
8000 dpi sort of ranges that you can do
with laser 25 G's of max acceleration a
thousand reports for per second this is
one of the differences between the G
400s and the G 100's aside from the
shape and just overall generally being a
higher-end Mouse twenty million clicks
is the durability rating for the buttons
with two hundred and fifty kilometers
for the the the not the slippy feet on
the bottom although I would be tempted
to test one of these mice at some point
and see if I can get like a warranty
replacement like if I dragged it behind
a car for 250 kilometers and I'm like
yeah we're through like do they mean 250
kilometers on a road surface or on a
mouse pad I'm just kidding I know what
they mean so let's go ahead and open
this bad boy up this is the iconic
Logitech shape so if you've ever owned a
g5 or a G 500 or even going back to my
classic MX duo which was my first
high-performance keyboard mouse set
you've pretty much touched one of these
which is handy because you know what
you're getting yourself into it's got a
three year warranty and they're saying
you need Windows 8 Windows 7 or Windows
Vista but I would be floored if they
don't work with if it doesn't work with
Windows XP last thing is there's
cluesive delta0 sensor for consistent
high accuracy targeting and that's
pretty much it so let's go ahead and
check this out so they've got a bit of a
different packaging style than I've seen
on a Logitech product before so it's
like a blue blue inside then we've got
some presumably like a Quick Start Guide
or something like that
Logitech has long
to go done away with including CDs with
their products which i think is great
because they're just wasteful quite
frankly you should always go to the
manufacturers website and download the
latest drivers and here we go so eight
programmable buttons are featured on the
Wow really this is hard to I mean I've
unboxed a lot of stuff but this is a
this is challenging it's like stuck in
there ah yes success yeah I totally lost
my train of thought we'll be back in a
little bit now it's a little strange to
me that Logitech didn't include a
braided cable quite frankly it's not
like it affects the performance of the
mouse in any way but it just makes it
feel a little bit more more premium when
you're dropping a few bucks on it on a
gaming mouse for what it's worth it does
have a sufficient length so it'll be
able to reach not only to the front of
your case but also round to the back
without any difficulty so it looks like
it's about yeah six and a half seven
feet long something along those lines
now
they've talked a lot about the materials
here and they really are exceptional so
this has a grippy feel without being
without being rubber sort of with how do
you describe it you can lift it without
it feeling like your fingers are stuck
to it and then on the back there's a
little tiny bit of texture here that
just I don't know it actually does feel
kind of nice same thing up here on the
buttons as well
I mean honestly though if Logitech sales
pitch for these mice is you know twenty
million clicks and two hundred and fifty
kilometers and advanced materials
there's nothing I can tell you in an
unboxing that's going to tell you like
oh yeah the materials they used are
great because what it's going to come
down to is does it peel in two or three
years
like so many rubberized grips on the
outsides of my student Logitech's
claiming that these are some of the most
durable materials in existence for mice
but I mean it's it's hard to sell
something like that when we're not going
to know how great it is until it's
people have been using them for a few
years so at any rate no adjustable
weights or anything like that you've
just got your standard optical sensor
hole on the bottom as well as your
slippy feet here you've got back and
forward buttons and they're ideal
locations I've
like the way logitech implements these
it was my MX do that got me used to the
idea of having back and forward buttons
now I really can't live without them
other buttons they've also included our
dpi increase and decrease remember
they're all programmable as well as a
default dpi button although this one
requires you to install the software
it's also got a middle click as well as
left and right clicks and it's got a
really slick looking G in the middle for
their new G series overall feels good
it's a little bit on the lighter side of
medium so it's not a super lightweight
Mouse but it's not heavy by any stretch
of the imagination and I think that
pretty much wraps this up thank you for
checking out my unboxing again first
look at the G 400s from Logitech don't
forget to subscribe to tech tips from
unboxings reviews and other computer
videos